General Tasks
HIGH history
DONE saving tree exercises 
DONE(really badly) teacher tool displays saved tree exercises
HIGH god mode vs nongod mode


Training Window
DONE    Clicking Next Problem when on the last problem of a group takes you to the next-numbered problem (not problem 1) of the next group
MEDIUM    Difference between opening lbd and txt files not clear. Put into two menus? Open Assignment, Open Saved Work
LOW    Tutorial screen
DONE    Make the layout clearer; Prev/Next problem buttons are too low
DONE    When an exercise in the exercise tree gets highlighted (after clicking next problem), it should scroll into view
LOW    Be consistent in the capitalization of label text
LOW    Is there a white background on the Current Problem frame?
DONE   When Next Problem'ing to the next group, that we are in a new group is not obvious. We need an intermediate screen with just the new directions. (Also when starting a new group, for consistency?) [No new screen; instead just an additional line in the instructions)
HIGH    Something weird with the font metrics in the lambda text field on the library Mac
DONE    Scrollbars on directions
DONE    After a hard line break in directions, we get a space at the beginning of the next paragraph.
DONE(half)    L's for lambdas in directions and e_v looks weird everywhere. We must HTMLify directins, either with LaTeX conventions about _ and ^, or escape lambda expressions surrounded in { }.
DONE    The node properties, lexicon pane does not resize. Disappears.
DONE(half)    Should indicate in main area the problem # being worked on, original expression being simplified
MEDIUM    Check whether NotSoFast works
DONE(half)    Give Paste Below an icon, move to left
DONE    Buttons don't look like buttons
LOW    Show student's name from saved work somewhere in main area
MEDIUM    If user enters an answer and tries to go onto another exercise without Check Answer, do we stop them?
MEDIUM	File->Reload is useful when developing an exercise file; should preserve which exercise in the file is active

Scratch pad
MEDIUM    Should get multiple letter identifier option from existing exercise
MEDIUM On a syntax error, position the cursor to the indicated issue

Lambda Exercises
?    Telling the user he needs an alphabetical variant may be too much help? What's the motivation to figure it out?
MEDIUM    If you do two lambda conversions at once but make a mistake, program assumes you did one and gives strange help.

Tree Exercises
MEDIUM    user wants to have more e-type variables to play with (u, v, etc.). Suggest underscore notation in the conventions box
DONE    When a tree node's label is so large it gets pushed to the right, recenter the child nodes under it.
DONE    What does the Simplify (and etc.) buttons do? Not clear they operate on the selected node. Add a label, tooltips, pop-up help, or something. (Tooltips added.)
DONE       Simplify should say "Evaluate" when it does the first evaluation on a nonterminal
IGNORED       Next Node should be "Simplify Fully" when it does that, and it should always move to the next node
IGNORED       All buttons should be disabled on terminals.
    Types on nonterminals
MEDIUM       Knowing them ahead of time helps students: Can we put them on the tree somewhere?
LOW       Having a place for the student to enter them before giving lexical entries
LOW       A general-use way to annotate nodes?
DONE    When we guess composition rule and none apply, we need to say we tried function application but it was not applicable, for whatever reason, etc.
DONE    Prev Node button takes you to the first terminal if there is no where else to go, but it should never go to a terminal
IGNORED  When simplifying Carlos alpha-shaves, did we lose the lambda's dot? (Answer: No)
DONE    Not clear that the lexical entry field does what it does; people think it edits selected node.
HIGH    Not clear that with God Mode, no more user input is needed after entering terminal meanings
DONE   Not clear when the end of the problem is reached
?    Expect to enter nonterminal information where the terminal lexical entry is entered
DONE    Previous Node should clear later evaluations too.
IGNORED    Lexical entry field got frozen on a terminal. (Can't reproduce.)
DONE    Pre-provided, already-entered lexical entries not clear.
IGNORED    An empty lexicon list box looks like a text box.
DONE    Labelless nonterminals need a larger selection box.
LOW    Automatic lambda abstraction is confusing, not expected computer will actually do it
FIXED    The node info table looks like it is a choice for the user to make
LOW    Backspace key should do Unsimplify or something; delete should clear
MEDIUM    People think you have to Prev Node to redo previous work
?    What actually is expected in the lex entry field? An expression?
MEDIUM    These exercises should also show the problem number. i.e. "3. Perform the derivation"

Fonts:
LOW   Use a uniform font throughout the training window
MEDIUM   Is it too small?
DONE   Make the font in trees adjustable.
   
Typing instructions & Conventions about letters
LOW   Sometimes gets cut off
LOW   When cut off, text strangely overlaps the border.
DONE(part)   People want to type little 'v' for OR, big 'V' for FORALL (note: we now allow alt-v for OR)
DONE   People are puzzled why the pipe is OR
DONE   Should we use ALT to get special characters?
DONE   "Conventions about letters" => "Typing conventions" for consistency with error messages
   
TypeParser
DONE   When it says brackets are unnecessary for <<et>>, it should say why.   
DONE   When it says brackets are unnecessary for <e>, it should say that the brackets are only used for composite types.
IGNORED   Did we accidentally parse <<et>,<<et>,e> ? Not sure. (note: No, it's fine.)
   
ExpressionParser
DONE   When the type of an identifier could not be determined, refer to typing conventions and suggest underscore notation.
HIGH   When we suggest adding brackets, say around what.
DONE   Hyphens inside identifiers
DONE   How to type capital A, E, I?
DONE   Function application should be possible in the scope of infix expressions
MEDIUM   Everyone wonders whether dots are necessary after, between lambdas
IGNORED   Function application without space should still be scopally ambiguous, but we have to revise the ToString somewhere so that the abiguity message that results is clearer
HIGH   Like hypens, unrecognized characters that terminate an identifier and result in its type being unknown is confusing
DONE   Lx.[....](a) must get high funapp scope!

Error messages
MEDIUM   In all error messages, be sure to put quote marks around expressions, node labels.
DONE   FunApp's "because it is not a function" has an pronominal binding issue
MEDIUM In FunApp type checking, automatic typing and conventions confuse user here: they expect what they want, not what program assumes
DONE   R(x)(x) is perhaps not quite one-place. In error messages, don't call it one place. Say that it takes first just an e-type thing alone.
MEDIUM   The error about a binder being followed by a variable, not a constant, doesn't position the cursor properly (note: because it is a type exception and not a syntax exception)
HIGH   When user turns a lambda variable into a constant during conversion, a strange error message results
DONE   The substituting just bound variables message should say "Check that you didn't make any substitutions of variables not bound by the lambda."
DONE   Dont' use the word identifier in error messages
HIGH   When there are type errors, suggest adding spaces/brackets

Bugs/Notes
DONE   Lu_e[R(u_e)] (a) got reduced to R(u_e), possibly after user first entered u_e not in a place marked as a variable, and then it got put into the typing conventions incorrectly??
MEDIUM   Some people find lambdas without dots hard.
LOW   When a lambda enabled text field is empty and loses its focus, the temporary text should reappear (I think Swing has a "onFocusLost" event listener for this kind of thing -- Lucas)
MEDIUM   After closing training window, scratch pad, all state must reset for when they are opened up again
MEDIUM   Not clear <e,et> is different from <e*e,t>
HIGH   An lbd file we just created couldn't be opened up again
LOW   When saving, tell user we put things in lbd files
MEDIUM   In type exercises, typing conventions are important, but not obvious that they exist
LOW   In OSX, down arrow in a text field takes you to end
LOW   Click a paren to highlight corresponding bracket in expression entry; color code expression brackets?
Get the issues Maribel emailed us in the training examples
HIGH make sure that we check that the lbd files that the teacher gets in response correspond to the original assignment
DONE and/or needs to have same operator precedence 
DONE binder periods shouldn't affect scope
Does lambda abstraction really work if we have nested lambda abstractions?
DONE The first step of a tree computation expansion is to show the meaning brackets
We should go through all expression and type error messages and remove the presupposition that it was parsed as intended.
LOW use JarBundler (http://informagen.com/JarBundler/) to create a Mac OS bundle from the jar file
LOW lexiconlist should maybe use radiobuttons to choose among lexical entries in the list
MEDIUM spacing shouldn't be meaningful too of ten -- or else feedback should say "Try putting a space somewhere, maybe it helps" or sth like that
MEDIUM say more clearly that the expression can still be simplified (when this is the case)
MEDIUM add a way to reference (i.e. display) the definitions of the h&k composition rules (function application etc.)

scrollRectToVisible

Notes from Lance:

constants of type <e,<et>> : loves
 --> doesn't work
 
can't see the directions after moving on from first problem
for first problem:
	directions
	instructions
for the second and later:
	instructions
	"And here are the directions for this group..."
	direction


